c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
c:\users\godlike\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\hover.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\main.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\pressed.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\hover.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\main.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pressed.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\hover.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\main.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pressed.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tilesets\magecity.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\logo.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\logo.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\logo.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\hover.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\main.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pressed.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\logo.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\hover.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\main.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pressed.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tilesets\MainTileset.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
D:\RPGopnik\yes\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tilesets\MainTileset.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gopnik_texture.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\logo.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\hover.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\main.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pressed.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tilesets\MainTileset.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gopnik_texture.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\title_screen_background.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\title_screen_background.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\beer.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bt_font.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\help.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\logo.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\hover.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\main.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pressed.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tilesets\MainTileset.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gopnik_texture.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\title_screen_background.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\beer.xnb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\TiledSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.exe
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\obj\x86\Debug\RPGopnik.pdb
C:\Users\Евгений\Source\Repos\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\interface.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tilesets\MainTileset.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gopnik_texture.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\title_screen_background.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\beer.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\foundation.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pause.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pause_background_opacity.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\foundation.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pause.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\pause_background_opacity.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\boyarishnik.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\rose.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\balanda.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\colesa.xnb
C:\Users\GODLIKE\Source\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playboy.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\boyarishnik.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\rose.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\balanda.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\colesa.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playboy.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\btExit.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GUI\spell_learning.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_antidote.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_armor.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_cure.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_heal.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_resurrection.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_unfreeze.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_antidote_p.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_armor_p.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_cure_p.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_heal_p.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_resurrection_p.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_unfreeze_p.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_antidote_l.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_armor_l.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_cure_l.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_heal_l.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_resurrection_l.xnb
D:\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\RPGopnik\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpellButtons\sp_unfreeze_l.xnb
